Resolves #487: Update wording on "response headers" in privacy section to disambiguate from traceresponse headers. (#491)
w3c/distributed-tracing: spec/50-privacy.md

## Other risks

> When vendors include `traceparent` and `tracestate` headers in responses, these values may inadvertently be passed to cross-origin callers. Hence, if vendors include this information in responses, they should be aware that it could be seen by systems that did not participate in the trace.

Author: ```suggestion
When vendors include values from the `traceparent` and `tracestate` headers in responses, these values may inadvertently be passed to cross-origin callers. Hence, if vendors include this information in responses, they should be aware that it could be seen by systems that did not participate in the trace.
```

> When vendors include `traceparent` and `tracestate` headers in responses, these values may inadvertently be passed to cross-origin callers. Hence, if vendors include this information in responses, they should ensure that they do so only when responding to systems that participated in the trace.

Reviewer: Small suggestion:
```suggestion
When vendors include values from the `traceparent` and `tracestate` headers in responses, these values may inadvertently be passed to cross-origin callers. Hence, if vendors include this information in responses, they should ensure that they do so only when responding to systems that participated in the trace.
```

Author: Thanks, I have included this suggestion now (couldn't directly do it from here due to a merge issue).

> When vendors include `traceparent` and `tracestate` headers in responses, these values may inadvertently be passed to cross-origin callers. Hence, if vendors include this information in responses, they should ensure that they do so only when responding to systems that participated in the trace.

Author: ```suggestion
When vendors include `traceparent` and `tracestate` headers in responses, these values may inadvertently be passed to cross-origin callers. Hence, if vendors include this information in responses, they should be aware that it could be seen by systems that did not participate in the trace.
```
